A "node":http://nodejs.org wrapper for "fswebcam":https://github.com/fsphil/fswebcam controller providing configurable async frame grabbing. Grab frames, receive frame events!

h2. How it works

Once grabbing starts ( _grab()_ ), frames are periodically grabbed off the web cam ( _/dev/videoX_ ) depending on the provided frequency option. Within Camelot, once a frame is grabbed, an event is emitted ( _on('frame', ...)_ ) containing the binary frame. Also, instead of relying on event emission, a callback can also be passed to the grab() function, which will apply the callback upon frame grabbing. As per convensional wisdom, an error event will also be emitted upon Error ( _on('error', ...)_ ).

h2. Examples

<pre>
var Camelot = require('./camelot.js');

var camelot = new Camelot( {
  'rotate' : '180',
  'flip' : 'v'
});

camelot.on('frame', function (image) {
  console.log('frame received!');
});

camelot.on('error', function (err) {
  console.log(err);
});

camelot.grab( {
  'title' : 'Camelot',
  'font' : 'Arial:24',
  'frequency' : 1    
});
</pre>

h2. Features

* Infinit frame grabbing based on frequency (in sec).
* Banner
* Png/Jpeg
* Rotation
* Resolution

h3. Supported Capture Options

<pre>
    focus : 'auto',
    brightness : 0,
    contrast : 136,
    saturation : 150,
    hue : 0,
    gamma : 100,
    sharpness : 50
</pre>

with default values.

h2. Installation

h3. Requirements

This module assumes you have a working binary of "fswebcam":https://github.com/fsphil/fswebcam along with font management library and associated font path definition (e.g. GDFONTPATH). This module has been solely tested on Ubuntu with a "Rocketfish 8MP USB HD RF-HDWEB":http://www.rocketfishproducts.com/products/computers/RF-HDWEB.html webcam but should work with any webcam supported by the v4l library.

h3. Git Clone

@$ git clone git://github.com/pdeschen/camelot.git@

h3. Install from npm

@$ sudo npm install camelot [-g]@

h2. Todos

* Instead of relying on fswebcam binary, implement node native module using v4l.

h2. License

(MIT license)

Copyright (c) 2011 Pascal Deschenes pdeschen@gmail.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

